`verilate`: improve Verilator utility script (#217)
lowRISC/qemu: docs/opentitan/tools.md

* `ot-format.sh` is a simple shell wrapper to run clang-format (code formatter) on OpenTitan files
* `ot-tidy.py` is a python wrapper script to run clang-tidy (the LLVM C linter) on OpenTitan files,
  optionally in parallel, and locally or for CI.
* [`run-bazel-tests.sh`](regressions.md) is a script for running the OpenTitan test suite against
  a local build of QEMU.
* [`spidevflash.py`](spidevflash.md) is a tiny script to upload a binary using the SPI device.
* `treillis/` directory contains the test application to test the [GPIO](gpio.md) device.
* [`uartmux.py`](uartmux.md) is a tiny stream wrapper to help dealing with multiple QEMU output
  streams, typically multiple virtual UARTs.
* [`verilate.py`](verilate.md) is a Verilator wrapper tool to run unit test on Verilator simulation
  environment. It is designed as a companion tool to help writing QEMU OpenTitan device, running the

>   very same binaries as QEMU and compare the outcome of each simulation environment.

Reviewer: (also repeated at the top of `docs/opentitan/verilate.md`):
```suggestion
* [`verilate.py`](verilate.md) is a Verilator wrapper tool to run unit tests in a Verilator simulation
  environment. It is designed as a companion tool to help writing QEMU OpenTitan devices, running the
  very same binaries as QEMU and comparing the outcome of each simulation environment.
```

Author: fixed
